Beautiful love stories
always begin
with a fateful first meeting.
But these days,
men and women don't just sit back
and wait for destiny to find them.
[When you need a fresh start]
[A Rebound Relationship]
They choose who they're drawn to.
They decide
when to begin and when to end it.
This is an era
where everyone takes control of
their own love life.
And me?
I'm looking for love too.
Excuse me, are you here for the blind date?
Yes, that's right.
Hi. I'm Song Tae Seop.
I'm Lee Ui Yeong.
7:00 p.m. sharp.
Right in the middle of
the busiest part of town,
I meet this person.
Could this be
the start of the love of my life?
[Episode 1]
[One Month Earlier]
Why even set an alarm
if you are not going to get up?
Come on, wake up.
That hurts.
Did you lay all this out
so you could just walk all over it?
If you are done with that face mask,
throw it away.
Seriously.
Mom.
I was going to sleep a little longer.
You are so loud.
Yes.
[Hanbit Health Insurance for Women]
Of course.
But I would not recommend canceling.
With your medical history,
you might not be able to re-enroll later.
Usually, at your age,
we start seeing more surgical cases.
Right.
[Chore Chart]
With the economy like this,
many clients call
trying to reduce their premiums.
You're working hard even on the weekend.
If you think about it,
it is the cost of one weekend brunch.
Would it not be wiser
to cut unnecessary spending
and invest in your health?
- Yes.
- You're good at this.
What about wedding gift money?
That line is very current.
Prices are up, and at your age,
you probably have quite a few monthly expenses.
If you're not planning to get married,
maybe it's time to stop
the gift-exchange cycle.
I don't even attend weddings anymore.
I doubt I'd ever get that money back.
That's exactly the kind of coverage
no one can actually afford.
What?
Wait, seriously?
Even if you skip the ceremony,
you still send wedding money every time, right?
- No.
- "No?"
I take pride in my work.
I don't lie to clients
just to sell more insurance.
Hey.
But is that really something
to be this upset about?
Yeah. It hurts.
Isn't raising your kid
and waiting for the harvest
what moms look forward to?
How am I supposed to wait
for something that is never going to happen?
That's just a waste.
You never date, so I thought maybe you were
anti-marriage, anti-relationship.
No. I'm not anti-marriage or anti-relationship.
I just...
So you just can't get a boyfriend?
Four years.
The guy you dated
while I was studying for my certification
was your ex.
Don't you remember?
After that breakup,
you were crying while working out.
You were dropping dumbbells
because they were soaked in tears.
It feels like four months.
How is that four years ago?
They say as you get older
and your body starts to age,
you move through life more slowly,
so time feels like it goes by faster.
Okay. Which means...
we should hurry to the next set.
Hey, by the way...
Instead of "aging,"
could you say "maturing and growing?"
No.
Here.
Lower it and hold for four seconds.
One!
See? You've grown.
You used to struggle with one kilo,
now you're lifting four, huh?
Two!
Still, your juniors respect you at work.
And your seniors see you as competition.
Right?
Hey, I'm getting a call.
- Hello?
- Ms. Ui Yeong!
What on earth did you do?
Get to the hotel now!
I just got a call
from the restaurant's sous-chef.
We're way short on cod.
You know the U.K. Embassy banquet tonight.
Yes, the guests' preferences were taken into...
- Sorry.
- Oh, watch out!
We finalized the menu...
and projected demand based on that.
We already purchased
the ingredients accordingly.
- Hello.
- You didn't factor in the embassy's request.
- The U.K. side asked to add fish and chips...
- Hello.
since there wasn't a British menu item.
Is this really the time to be shocked?
Eighty cod. I need them by two.
Fresh, not frozen.
Two? Eighty?
Where are we even supposed to find
that much cod right now...
"Where?"
Why are you asking me?
Oh, General Manager.
Yeah, my team still has a lot to learn.
Don't worry.
We'll have everything ready on time.
- I know how hard everyone's working.
- Thank you.
- Hello.
- Thank you for your effort.
Thank you.
All right, everyone. Keep it up.
[2nd Floor: Dried Seafood Market]
But adding a dish on the day of the event?
Isn't that a bit much?
The embassy secretary apparently promised
they'd host their next event at our hotel,
so they pushed for it.
Well, then we have to do it.
But can we even find eighty cod around here?
We have to. Somehow.
This is insane.
I thought you just dressed sloppy at work
because you didn't care,
but turns out this is you trying your hardest.
Cute.
Come on, I came straight from the gym.
Anyway, how much cod have we secured?
Ten from the market,
twenty coming by courier.
We're still fifty short.
- Hey, come on in.
- Hey.
I heard you two are buying up
every last cod in town.
But this is all I've got left.
Seriously? We'll take all of it.
But why is there so little?
This was our last stop.
Isn't there anywhere else?
It all sold out earlier.
I'll pack these up.
- Hey.
- Yeah?
There's a shipment headed
to Season Plaza Hotel, right?
Come on, there's business etiquette.
I can't just give you fish
that someone else already bought.
No way.
Hyun Min.
- Yes?
- Take these...
and head back to the hotel.
What about you?
We know where the cod is.
I'm going.
To reel it in.
Hello. Would you like to check in?
I'm not checking in.
I actually need a favor.
How can I help you?
I need a phone number.
This is...
who I am.
[Lee Ui Yeong, Purchasing Team]
I see.
I really need the number of
Purchasing Team Manager in this hotel.
They look great,
but we don't have enough yet.
Chef,
with all due respect,
could we maybe make it
0.8 of a portion per plate?
If we puff up the batter nice and thick...
That's nonsense.
Chef,
what about bulking it up with salad or garnish?
That's basically the same thing.
Exactly.
Season Plaza?
Thank you.
Ui Yeong?
Why did you come in this car?
[30 Minutes Earlier]
[Manager Cho Aram, Purchasing Team]
I've been meaning to meet you.
You know me, right?
Lee Ui Yeong from Purchasing Team, The Hills.
Yes, I know.
What do you need?
The cod that came into your hotel today.
Transfer all of it to me.
Why would I do that?
You know...
Because we're in a bind.
That's why I'm here,
asking you to open up your pantry.
Ms. Lee Ui Yeong,
you're even bolder than I expected.
Impressive.
I'm not asking for free.
You've been looking for trout lately, right?
Trout?
Raised in pristine valley water,
two generations running the farm,
HACCP certified.
Rich, buttery flavor.
You've tasted it before,
so you know exactly what I mean.
Have I?
I'll give you the farm's contact info.
You're sure about that?
Go start prepping.
Yes, Chef.
Ms. Ui Yeong, impressive.
How did you even think
to buy cod from a competitor?
Be glad I could.
I was about to look into
chartering a boat out to sea.
You know what?
She means that.
You're new here, so you might not know yet.
But you'll be seeing
a lot more of Ui Yeong in action.
I'm looking forward to it.
- Let's get along.
- Yeah.
You're the best.
Thank God that worked out.
Why does the fish smell still not come off?
- Right?
- Yeah.
I have a date tonight.
Look at me.
"Should I shower first?" Do I smell?
I feel like I just got intimate with a cod.
- Do not touch me.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
- How do I get rid of this smell?
Gosh.
You two.
Come here.
[Best Employee of the Month]
[Lee Ui Yeong] [Lim Jun Hyuk]
Do your job, but know your boundaries.
So you went to our competitor and
advertised that you can't do your job?
You really think you are that competent?
You are not.
If you had properly understood
the client's needs from the start,
no one would have had to come in
on their day off.
We are the Purchasing Team,
not fortune-tellers.
How are we supposed to predict everything?
If you stay sharp and focused, why can't you?
It's not like you're dating or married,
so what else do you have besides work?
We have plenty to deal with besides work!
Enough.
Talking more just wastes my breath.
Write up a full report on today,
with every receipt attached,
and have it on my desk by Monday.
[Purchasing Team]
[Sorry for being good at my job!]
It's not like I'm even asking for a thank-you
[Expense Report]
for fixing it.
What century are we in?
Why is she tying our personal lives to work
like it's dried fish on a string?
Doesn't it get to you?
Of course it does.
But what am I supposed to do?
Maybe I should just start dating.
Want to go on a blind date?
Let's prove we actually have personal lives.
I'm not dating just to win an argument.
If blind dates aren't your thing...
Want something more casual?
I've got many options.
Let's see...
Here, look.
What is this?
Why doesn't he have a face photo?
What's wrong with that?
"What's wrong with that?"
You're going to meet a guy
without seeing his face?
What if he's a total creep?
He's got a body.
Pretty sure a face comes with it.
Wait, what's this?
[Faithful to the moment when we're together]
Is that an eggplant... and a peach?
An eggplant and...
a peach!
Oh my God, stop.
You're going to get yourself in trouble.
Seriously, stop.
You hate blind dates. You hate apps.
You hate everything.
Do you have someone?
Have someone?
See. I'm here working all weekend.
Fair point.
[Kang Do Hyun]
Did you sort out what you were busy with?
Working on it.
Good. I'm heading to the office
to grab some documents.
Want to grab dinner?
There is someone.
Hyun Min, you said
you had plans tonight, right?
I'll wrap this up. You can go.
Oh, really?
If you don't leave now, I will.
Ui Yeong, you're the best.
Here, have this.
- Bye.
- I'm leaving.
- Okay.
This is the reason why
I don't bother with apps or blind dates.
This is your reward for working all weekend.
Eat up.
Thanks.
It's all thanks to him.
You don't have to be so formal with me at work.
You're in Legal.
You're not even technically my junior there.
I'm trying,
but it's stuck in my system.
He is Kang Do Hyun, a year below me in college.
I heard he became a lawyer after graduation.
A few months ago,
he joined our hotel's Legal Team
as in-house counsel.
Can I get a napkin?
What?
I bought fish at the market earlier.
I usually wear gloves, but I didn't today.
- Hey, don't...
- It doesn't smell.
Just your hand cream. It smells nice.
We hadn't seen each other
in what feels like half a century,
and he still has a way
of catching me off guard.
You look good today.
Where were you?
A friend's wedding.
When they found out
I work at the same company as you,
they said I must've transferred because of you.
Oh really?
Honestly, I was shocked too
when I first saw you at the office.
You were?
Yeah. You felt so different,
I kept staring to make sure it was really you.
That different?
They asked if you were still pretty.
I told them you're exactly the same.
Why would you encourage that?
I'm not making it up.
You are pretty.
Just eat.
You too. Eat more.
Thanks.
Are you still living up on that hill?
Yes.
You remember?
Get in.
I'll drive you.
He said the same thing before.
- What should we eat?
- Let's get tteokbokki.
- I know a new place.
- Ui Yeong!
See you later.
Back then, Do Hyun didn't have a car.
He rode a red bike.
Come on. I'll take you.
Well...
My place is up that hill. I'll walk from here.
Let's go. I'll walk you.
Thanks. Get home safe.
Wait!
I have something to say.
What are you doing?
I like you.
From the first time
I saw you in the student lounge...
You were all I could see.
Everything else blurred out.
Back then, Do Hyun had sincerity.
- What are you doing? Get up.
- You're really beautiful.
You could take it easy. But you work so hard.
You're nothing like girls my age.
Like most first loves,
his was rushed and one-sided.
Please be my girlfriend.
I'll make you happy. I promise!
And back then, I...
I'm sorry.
I can't.
Enjoy your meal.
Just surviving took everything I had.
Dating was not even on my radar.
[You have been selected...]
I didn't know what love was,
[for the 2013 Fall Semester
Academic Scholarship.]
but I knew I was not ready.
You say I work hard.
No.
I'm fighting to survive.
There is no room for a relationship in my life.
But...
No.
I'm sorry.
Let's pretend you never said that.
The Kang Do Hyun now
feels like a completely different person.
Thanks for today.
Get home safe.
Ui Yeong.
Are you seeing anyone these days?
My friends were curious.
No, I'm not.
Why?
You still not interested in dating?
Well...
It's not that.
I just haven't met anyone.
It's always work, home, work, home.
I barely get the chance to meet new people.
But...
It doesn't have to be someone new.
I'm sure
there's someone good out there.
Is he...
talking about himself?
I'm home.
Hi, Mom.
You stormed out earlier,
and now you're walking in all smiley?
I've always wondered.
The office is small, the workload's insane.
When do people
even find time for situationship?
People probably don't realize
we work down in a basement with no sunlight.
That's why we've got to soak up the sun
whenever we can.
This feels nice.
Legal Team's treating today.
- Wow, thank you.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
I like chocolate latte too.
I'll get you one next time.
Thanks.
Thank you.
But eight hours a day,
sharing the same conference room,
the same rooftop,
even the same vending machine...
The closeness that builds
is stronger than you'd think.
- So how many...
- Well...
That was fun back then, right?
- You've got coffee on you.
- Oh my.
Again? Thanks.
Oh, General Manager.
- Hello.
- Where are you going?
Just to my office.
Oh, your office.
And you? Coffee break?
Yeah, I'm still half asleep.
- I see.
- Yeah.
- Have a good day.
- Oh, right.
By the way...
Any chance you'd consider a blind date?
Sorry?
You don't have a boyfriend, right?
There's a young man I volunteer with
at an animal shelter.
He is very sincere, very upright...
- And...
- I'm good.
No, no.
It's okay. I'm good.
Blind dates aren't my thing.
You didn't even pretend to think about it.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Bye.
- Have a good one.
- Yeah.
Maybe eighty percent of company loyalty
comes from personal motives.
I want to go to work.
You've lost it.
That flutter could be arrhythmia.
You had your checkup last year, huh?
You think I can't tell the difference
between butterflies and being sick?
You can't.
Beats me.
So... Soju and chicken feet again,
and only for the lady?
That's right.
Ma'am, could you microwave this for me?
Two minutes. Please take the plastic off.
Endocrine disrupter and all that.
Only because you're a regular.
Thank you.
With eating habits like this,
how are you two even together?
- That's too mean!
- We're just friends.
All right, all right.
No need to be dramatic.
- That almost hurt.
- Ma'am, knock on wood.
I was in a good mood tonight.
So was I.
Anything else?
[We're all someone's treasure.]
So,
did Kang Do Hyun ask you out?
Like I always say, men are simple.
If they like you, they don't make it confusing.
It's not confusing.
There's something I didn't tell you.
I was... actually...
his first love.
What?
That's pretty powerful.
He confessed once.
I turned him down.
You know how I was in college.
Dating ranked lower than chicken feet toenails.
Chicken feet toenails?
That's a visual I didn't need.
So now that you've got breathing room,
you're thinking of saying yes?
But...
what if he's hesitant
because I rejected him before?
Of course that's on his mind.
Then set the stage.
Make it easy for him to say it.
How?
Create a moment. Just the two of you.
Like how?
Grab a drink together.
Okay.
Then what should we drink?
Keep it light with beer?
Or go honest with soju?
Here's looking at you, kid.
Excuse me.
Are we going all the way
to the source for the inspection?
Oh, let me explain for you.
When we first sign a purchase contract,
we visit the supplier.
After that, it's mostly remote.
So every now and then, we go check in.
To make sure
nothing's changed since the contract
and that we're good to keep working together.
They're great people, though.
They always welcome us.
All right.
So, who's going to Boseong?
No one volunteering for the team?
Well...
Hyun Min and I
went to Boseong last year.
Oh really? Then this year...
Was it? I thought I went.
Unfortunately, you two might have to go again.
My father-in-law's birthday is this weekend.
Really? Then...
Wait, wasn't it his birthday last month too?
How does one person have two birthdays?
- That's interesting.
- Yeah?
Oh, not father-in-law.
My husband's uncle.
You wouldn't know because you're not married.
You have to keep track of all that.
Anyway, I need to stop by Mapo to shop,
so the route works better that way.
Honestly, whoever goes,
the Mapo route works just fine.
That's enough.
She's got lots of family stuff going on,
so you two just go.
It won't take long.
- But...
- What?
Why?
[Vendor Site Visit Schedule]
[Boseong Tea Fields]
[Lee Ui Yeong, Jung Hyun Min]
Let's make this the last year.
Next year, I'll find a way out of it.
Sae Byeok, what about you?
I'll go with you to Boseong.
I looked it up earlier,
and they film movies in the tea fields.
It's even a popular date spot.
Yeah?
We're going there to work.
We're not sightseeing.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey, no need to apologize.
Work can have some fun in it.
After the inspection, let's look around a bit.
Sounds good.
[Boseong Tea Fields]
[Lee Ui Yeong, Jung Hyun Min, Sim Sae Byeok]
I'll take care of it.
Can we talk in the break room
after your meeting?
Hyun Min, can you handle this for me?
- Sure.
- Just a moment.
Let's go.
Is something wrong?
No.
Nothing like that.
Can I tag along
on the Purchasing Team inspection?
You?
Why would you go on an inspection?
I figured I should see it firsthand
at least once.
Get to know the vendor.
Besides, lawyers are often out in the field.
Oh, really?
Okay, then.
I'll let Manager Na Ri know.
Make time this weekend and head to Mapo.
Actually, Boseong.
I'll go with you.
You want to go all the way to Boseong?
That's really far.
It's an overnight trip. You okay with that?
I know.
That's why I'm going.
I've got a few things I want to ask in person.
Then set the stage.
Make it easy for him to say it.
It's even a popular date spot.
That's when I got a feeling.
Is it going to be awkward?
That feeling...
like that day would be our first day.
No.
Yeah. Come.
It's fine.
Nice.
Not bad.
I'm heading out.
- Where are you going?
- I've got an inspection.
I'm staying over and coming back tomorrow.
Mom.
From now on,
if someone gives you a wedding invite,
- Just go.
- What?
Go to the wedding.
I think it's okay now.
I'll be back.
What is she even talking about all of a sudden?
- Have a good trip.
- Okay.
- Ui Yeong.
- Hey.
- Let me take that.
- Thanks.
Ui Yeong!
Hey.
I can't believe I'm going to Boseong again!
You're going again!
I can't make my feet move!
Hurry up.
- You okay?
- I'm fine.
The weather's nice.
We're here.
Hello.
- Hello.
- Welcome.
Thank you for coming all this way.
These are pastries from our hotel.
Please share them with the staff.
Oh my, thank you.
We'll be enjoying these.
Since we're short on time,
why don't you drop your bags first
and start the inspection?
- Sure.
- Okay.
- Please show them this way.
- I'll help you.
Ui Yeong,
doesn't Attorney Kang seem a little suspicious?
What? Why?
Think about it.
Why would he come all the way out here?
And he's carrying all the bags himself.
He's here to work.
You might not know this,
but lawyers go on inspections all the time.
Wait, why are you defending him?
Something smells off.
I'm wearing perfume.
What? Why are you wearing perfume?
- Hurry up.
- Hey!
For the inspection, let's split into two teams.
One to the tea fields
and one to the processing plant.
Then we'll all have dinner together tonight.
Sounds good.
How should we divide up?
I'll go to the tea fields.
I'll head to the processing plant.
I'll go to the tea fields too.
Then the gentleman will go to the plant?
If possible,
I'd like to go to the tea fields as well.
Would that be okay?
Oh, sure.
That's probably why you came, right?
Go ahead.
All right. Let's move.
- Yes.
- Everyone, this way.
- Let's get going.
- Okay.
- This way.
- See you later.
- Let's go.
- Have a safe trip.
Boseong is
the oldest and largest
tea-producing region in Korea.
These lush tea fields were
even named one of CNN's
most stunning landscapes in the world.
If you got to see this every day,
I think you'd feel so at peace.
I know.
They really take such good care of it.
Smell the aroma.
Sae Byeok, smell this.
- Nice, right?
- It is.
When you build the fields in terraces
along the mountain slope like this,
the tea plants get even sunlight,
- which produces higher-quality tea.
- It's hot.
Even the leftover leaves after harvest...
Ui Yeong, have some water.
Thanks.
Walking like this with you
kind of feels like we're back in college.
It does.
Ui Yeong,
later tonight,
can we talk for a minute? Just the two of us?
Yes, sure.
So tired.
There were no issues at the processing plant.
The workflow matched the documents,
and I checked
the recent sanitation inspection report.
The tea fields
looked great too.
What was so great?
Why are you looking at that
like it's a love story?
It's a photo Attorney Kang took.
Men's dating skills are still the same.
This is that move, right?
Take pictures of everyone
just to get one good shot
of the person you like.
You know?
Is that what it is?
So since when?
Legal and Purchasing Team
don't exactly overlap that much.
Actually...
We've known each other for a while.
He was my junior in college.
No way.
There's history?
Okay.
That's a well-aged connection.
Ui Yeong.
So what if Attorney Kang asks you out?
What would you do?
Would office dating be okay?
If that ever happened,
I'd make sure it doesn't affect work.
You're already way too far ahead.
No, I'm not.
Okay.
Got it.
Then if you don't come back tonight,
I'll pretend I didn't notice.
Why are you jumping to conclusions?
It's not like that.
Sure seems like it.
They're calling us for dinner.
Okay, I'm coming.
You're walking pretty lightly there.
Good work today.
- Thank you.
- Good work.
You all worked hard today.
Let's hear a few words from Ms. Ui Yeong.
Thank you so much for helping us
complete the inspection today.
We'll make sure
your hard work pays off when we get back.
And...
Please come visit our hotel sometime.
We'll take great care of you.
All right, let's make a toast.
- Cheers.
- Yeah.
- Great work, everyone.
- Great work.
- Thank you.
By the way,
can I ask you something?
Are you single?
- Sorry?
- Are you married?
Well... I don't even have a boyfriend.
Spending a beautiful weekend
with a bunch of old folks like us.
No wonder you're single.
Honestly, it feels like I'm visiting family.
She is pretty and sweet.
- Eat up.
- Thank you.
Have a drink with me.
Oh, stop it.
What?
- The food was amazing.
- Eat more.
- I ate plenty.
- Bring another bottle.
Goodness, not that much.
I'm so full.
- Ui Yeong.
- Yes?
Want to take a short walk?
Yeah. Okay.
I love it here.
Careful. You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Let's go.
Sit here.
So?
Now that you've seen the inspection,
what do you think?
It's nice.
But I've had something else on my mind.
Actually...
I didn't come to Boseong for work.
What?
Then why?
I don't know how this will sound...
but even when I was studying for the bar
after graduation,
I used to think about you.
Me?
You did?
I wondered what kind of guy you'd end up with.
How great he must be.
After you turned me down,
I had a hard time for a while.
I didn't know that.
But getting rejected helped me
figure out where I stood.
So I worked like crazy and became a lawyer.
I wanted
to become someone
anyone would be proud to like.
No.
You were already
more than good enough back then.
I just wasn't in a place to date.
That's why I said no.
You don't have to make it better.
I'm over it now.
I told you I had something to ask. Right?
What do you think
about office dating?
Of course, it's not easy.
People would be watching.
There'd be a lot of talk, too...
And...
you'd have to work even harder.
But
if you really like someone,
don't you go in knowing all that?
You can't exactly stop yourself
from liking someone.
You really think that?
Then,
could you
help me talk to Sae Byeok? Just the two of us?
What?
Sae Byeok?
Why?
I'm planning to confess to her tonight.
What?
We barely run into each other at work.
We're not even in the same department.
And she's just an intern.
I kept trying to read the room,
and somehow weeks have already gone by.
- Hello.
- Here.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks for the coffee.
[Boseong Tea Fields]
[Lee Ui Yeong, Jung Hyun Min...]
[Sim Sae Byeok]
So tired.
Oh, right.
It's cute when she tries so hard
without knowing all the tricks.
It's impressive.
When we get back,
like this,
I'll send you a wink.
You stall a little
and send Sae Byeok over here.
I'll come ahead and get things ready.
How can love change like that...
If it's not too much trouble,
can you come with me?
Don't drink too late.
You have a long drive tomorrow.
Yes, thank you. Thank you for cooking.
Here you go.
Attention, everyone.
How about a game?
Attorney Kang, come over here.
Sae Byeok, you too.
- Let's play.
- Okay.
Put the soju down.
So...
Let's play
"Truth Game."
Simple rules.
Only tell the truth.
Be honest. Be sincere.
If you say no comment,
you pay with a shot.
Why me?
Attorney Kang, why are you really here?
For work.
We just said truth only.
You came all the way out here.
Didn't you cross mountains and rivers
to follow someone you like?
Jung Hyun Min,
Stop.
Hold on.
The person Attorney Kang likes...
No, his ideal type...
She's sitting right here, isn't she?
With that sweet, innocent face,
and totally competent at work.
That's Lee Ui Yeong, right?
What?
I've never liked someone
like that before in my life.
Please be my girlfriend.
I'll make you really happy.
Right.
He did say
I was his first love.
Love may change,
but your first love stays with you.
Ui Yeong is a great person.
But
that doesn't mean I want to date her.
And she's older than me.
What?
Aren't you only a year apart?
When's your birthday?
No, I just...
That's how I feel.
It's my preference.
Please respect that.
And...
There's someone else I like.
Sae Byeok.
I didn't think I'd end up saying it like this,
but when I look at you,
these pure feelings I forgot I had
come back to life.
Would you
accept how I feel?
[Walking Trail - Slippery When Wet]
Lee Ui Yeong, seriously.
Even if it's been a while,
how do you fumble that badly?
This is insane.
So embarrassed.
How am I supposed to show my face now?
Just because I haven't dated in a few years,
I lose all my instincts?
I've officially lost it.
[No Entry]
Completely lost it.
Where am I?
Who's there?
Help!
Ms. Lee Ui Yeong?
What are you doing out here?
Oh, Ma'am...
On your way up,
didn't you see the No Entry sign?
It's a thirty-minute hike from the lodging.
I just felt a little suffocated.
I kept walking without thinking.
You were running straight ahead.
I thought you were some injured wild animal.
Oh dear,
you're all scratched up.
Drink this slowly and rest for a bit.
I'll put some ointment on it.
Go on, drink.
Thank you.
Here.
- Ma'am.
- Yes?
That tea...
You leave it aged on purpose, right?
Tea gets better with time.
Unlike people.
Right?
Oh, this?
No,
I just haven't gotten around to sorting it.
Half of this will probably get tossed.
Why?
Doesn't tea
get richer the longer it ages?
Depends on the tea,
but generally, no.
The aroma fades.
The flavor weakens.
Every year, new tender leaves grow.
Why hold on to the old ones?
Tea or anything else,
once it gets too old, it loses its value.
It loses...
its value.
I always thought that whenever I decided to,
I could fall in love.
Date. Love. Anytime.
But
I was wrong.
I let
the best years to love
just pass me by.
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Are you crying?
Oh...
Is tea really that sad?
It is.
Then what happens to the old leaves?
I thought they were finally starting to deepen.
If they don't even become good tea,
where do they go?
Oh dear.
Oh my.
Oh...
All right.
Go ahead and cry.
Let it out.
If you need to cry, then cry.
- Hello.
- Good morning.
- Enjoy your meal.
- Thanks.
Oh gosh.
The sun's strong today.
Better reapply sunscreen.
Enjoy your food, Ui Yeong.
Ui Yeong.
Weren't you supposed to help me?
Why did you suddenly leave last night?
I drank too much.
Why are you grabbing my wrist like that?
You're way too casual.
Am I the only one getting older?
He's aging too.
Dating an older woman is thrilling at twenty.
Guess once the woman is older, not so much.
Hey.
I never believed that whole
"women hit thirty and it's over" thing.
But now
I get it.
It's not like someone points at you
and says you've lost value.
You just...
quietly...
get pushed out of the frame.
A lot of people don't think that way.
I'm fine.
Besides, I'm not into guys
who won't date older women anyway.
But...
It's just... my heart.
I wanted to care about someone.
To think about someone.
And now it feels like that part of me
has nowhere to go.
That's what makes me sad.
Kang Do Hyun, that jerk.
So what if he doesn't see you
as dating material?
Does that mean you give up on love?
Well... no.
It doesn't.
Then find someone new.
There are dating apps.
I hate those.
Okay. Then go on blind dates.
Even worse.
There's no romance in that.
What do you think men are,
persimmons hanging from a tree?
Just waiting to fall into your lap?
Blind dates are
the most natural way to meet someone.
How is that natural?
Think about our age,
our time, our energy levels.
Do you have time after work
to join a book club and debate philosophy?
Do you have the stamina
to stay up all night partying at a hostel?
- No.
- Exactly.
Blind dates are the most realistic option.
The people who go on blind dates
are the ones ready for love.
All you have to do is
see if you and that person click.
How simple is that?
Someone who's decided on love.
I'll do it.
Good. Do it.
I'm going on a blind date!
Okay, let's go.
All right.
Good morning.
- Good morning, sir.
- There's a leak at the kitchen sink...
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Hello, General Manager.
I'll do it.
Do what?
The blind date you mentioned before.
Is it still an option?
That's how I ended up here.
It was a surprise setup,
so I crammed a little.
You can start the conversation naturally.
Talking about the matchmaker
is also a good topic.
Remember this.
Talking about someone you both know
builds closeness.
I heard you met my General Manager
through volunteering at an animal shelter.
You walk the dogs like ten kilometers?
I love dogs,
but I'm allergic, so I can't have one.
It's good exercise for me, too.
Do you have any pictures?
That's adorable.
Such a baby.
I really love dogs too.
If you like dogs,
maybe we could volunteer together sometime.
"Sometime?"
Did he just casually plan a next time with me?
Do you live with your parents?
No. I've been living
on my own for a while.
I've only ever lived with my mom,
so I'm curious.
What's it like?
It's comfortable.
You clean and do laundry when you want.
Sleep whenever.
But even if it's less convenient,
sometimes it's better having someone with you.
Food tastes better when you eat together.
When I'm alone,
I usually just grab something quick.
Really?
No, you can't do that.
If you live alone,
you have to take better care of yourself.
Pay attention to how you're feeling.
Eat properly.
Yeah, I will.
But...
Once you start dating,
it can distract you from work.
Is that okay?
Love that distracts you from work?
I'd love to try that.
That just means they matter that much.
Then...
I have one more question.
If you have a question,
that means you're curious about me, right?
This is going so smoothly.
Yes, go ahead.
Blood type O. MBTI is ENFP.
Zodiac Sign is Cancer. Homebody. Early riser.
Favorite season is winter...
Ms. Ui Yeong.
Are you
open to dating
with marriage in mind?
Did you just say
marriage?
Yes.
I...
I want to get married.
Smoothly? Geez.
Blind dates are...
the real battlefield.
[I was actually his first love.]
[You are still pretty.]
[Here's looking at you, kid.]
[Love that distracts you from work.]
What if I found out by accident...
A white dolphin?
That his car was insanely expensive?
He hasn't texted you for a second date yet?
Even if he meets again later,
he should ask sooner.
My phone.
He's really not texting.
Want me to set you up with a really solid guy?
Your ex? Or your ex's ex?
Are you going to keep crawling like that?
Ms. Ui Yeong?
I start to imagine it.
What if...
I just placed myself in this person's hands?
Maybe it would be better than I expect.